[All Hosts] (manifest) Describe required post-conversion editing of manifest (#5456)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/import-teams-toolkit.md

- [Prepare the existing manifest](#prepare-the-existing-manifest)
- [Import the project](#import-the-project)
- [Verify that the add-in can be sideloaded](#verify-that-the-add-in-can-be-sideloaded)

> - [Post-importation adjustments](#post-importation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Make post-importation adjustments](#post-importation)
```
For consistency with the other tasks.

If you encounter problems, as a troubleshooting step, try [sideloading with a system prompt, bash shell, or terminal](../testing/sideload-add-in-with-unified-manifest.md#sideload-with-a-system-prompt-bash-shell-or-terminal). If you can, then the problem is isolated to the toolkit.

It's possible that sideloading problems are the result of a file and folder structure, or configuration settings, that are different from what Agents Toolkit normally expects. See the section [Adjust the project structure and settings as needed](#adjust-the-project-structure-and-settings-as-needed).

### Post-importation

There are some post-importation tasks.

#### Edit the manifest

1. Open the unified manifest file.

> 1. Scroll to the [`"developer'`](/microsoft-365/extensibility/schema/root-developer) property and ensure that there are child `"privacyUrl"` and `"termsOfUseUrl"` properties and that they have appropriate values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the [`"developer"`](/microsoft-365/extensibility/schema/root-developer) property. Ensure that there are child `"privacyUrl"` and `"termsOfUseUrl"` properties and that they have appropriate values.
```
